{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\lang1033\strike\f0\fs22 Name\strike0\par
\par
\strike Currency - starts at 0, 0 minimum, no maximum.\strike0\par
\par
\strike Age - in seconds, starts at 0 and increments forever based on time\strike0\par
\par
\strike Death counter - Starts at some very high value (always the same for all pets).\strike0\par
\strike When below some defined "death point," each tick there is a tiny random chance that the pet will die.\strike0\par
\strike The minimum/death point is 0.\strike0\par
\strike Decreases at a fixed rate (kind of going along with age increasing).\strike0\par
\strike Small random chance to decrease each tick that pet is starving. Can only happen a few times per age tier.\strike0\par
\strike Small random chance to decrease each tick that pet is very thirsty. Can only happen a few times per age tier.\strike0\par
\strike Small random chance to decrease each tick that pet is sick. Can only happen a few times per age tier.\strike0\par
\strike Tiny random chance to decrease on battle loss.\strike0\par
\strike Tiny random chance to decrease each tick that pet is obese. Can only happen a few times per age tier.\strike0\par
\strike Tiny random chance to increase each tick that pet is not obese. Can only happen a few times per age tier.\strike0\par
\strike Tiny random chance to increase on battle completion, regardless of outcome. Cannot occur if decrease due to battle loss just occurred.\strike0\par
\strike Small random chance to increase each tick that pet is well fed. Can only happen a few times per age tier.\strike0\par
\strike Small random chance to increase each tick that pet is well watered. Can only happen a few times per age tier.\strike0\par
\strike Small random chance to increase each tick that pet is not sick. Can only happen a few times per age tier.\strike0\par
\par
\strike Sleep - A sleep meter, in ticks. Ranges from 0-32 (8 hours).\strike0\par
\strike 0 - min allowed\par
4 - fully tired (practical minimum, but not min allowed)\par
28 - fully rested (practical maximum, but not max allowed)\par
32 - max allowed\par
Ignoring the light, a pet will ALWAYS fall asleep at 0.\strike0\par
\strike Ignoring the light, a pet will ALWAYS wake up at 32.\strike0\par
\strike If the light is off, the pet can fall asleep at 4.\strike0\par
\strike If the light is on, the pet can wake up at 28.\strike0\par
\strike Increases by 1 every tick when sleeping.\strike0\par
\strike Decreases by 0.5 every tick when awake.\strike0\par
\strike By turning the lights on and off, the player can get the pet to adapt to a new sleep schedule.\strike0\par
\strike The player can touch the pet (or interact with it in any way) while it is sleeping to wake it.\par
If woken by the player during a night's sleep, it will stay awake for 5 minutes, and then go back to sleep, if it is still sleep time.\par
This 5 minute timer will be reset every time the player interacts with the pet in any way.\strike0\par
\par
\strike Happiness - Ranges from -100 - 100.\par
-100 - very unhappy\par
100 - very happy\par
When a pet wakes up for the day, it randomly determines a small loss or gain for happiness and applies it immediately. This simulates the random mood of the pet from day to day.\strike0\par
\strike Decreases on:\par
battle loss\strike0\par
\strike very rarely per tick on sickness, bathroom need, bath need, starving, or very thirsty\strike0\par
\strike being woken up while sleeping\strike0\par
\strike rarely per tick when temp is bad or really bad. worse temp equals higher chance\strike0\par
\strike Increases on:\par
battle win\strike0\par
\strike minigame (aside from workout) played (winning minigame increases happiness more than losing)\strike0\par
\strike rarely per tick when temp is optimum or good. better temp equals higher chance\strike0\par
\strike you pet the pet. can only happen a set number of times between ticks. There should be feedback to show you are petting the pet and it likes it.\strike0\par
\par
\strike Temperature - the temperature of the pet's environment.\strike0\par
\strike Range: 0-100\strike0\par
\strike Can be displayed in either F or C.\strike0\par
\strike In code, everything is in C.\strike0\par
\strike The optimum temp is 20.\strike0\par
\strike optimum +/- 1-3 is good.\par
optimum +/- 4-9 is ok.\par
optimum +/- 10-14 is bad.\par
optimum +/- 15 or more is really bad.\strike0\par
\strike When the game begins, a base value is determined, and the temp is set to this.\strike0\par
\strike A new base value is randomly determined every 8 hours. This value should not fluctuate very much.\strike0\par
\strike Only the AC, heater, or neither can be on.\strike0\par
\strike Every tick, if the AC is on, the temperature decreases by 1.25. If the heater is on, the temp increases by 1.25.\strike0\par
\strike If neither AC or heater is on, the temperature moves towards the base value by 1.25. If less than 1.25 away, temp moves exactly enough.\strike0\par
\strike Regardless of AC or heater status, the temp moves towards the base value by 0.25.\strike0\par
\par
\strike Sick - boolean. If sick, player can give medicine to heal sickness.\strike0\par
\strike Every tick, if pet is not sick, and it needs cleaning up or bathing, or is starving or very thirsty, or the temp is very bad, there is a tiny random chance of it becoming sick.\strike0\par
\par
\strike Bathroom need - Begins at 0. Increases by 1 every x ticks, and at 99 the pet poops.\strike0\par
\strike If the pet has pooped, the player can clean up the yard to remove it.\strike0\par
\par
\strike Bath need - Begins at 0. Increases by 1 every x ticks if the pet is clean, and at 99 the pet becomes dirty.\strike0\par
\strike If the pet is dirty, the player can bathe it to make it clean.\strike0\par
\par
\strike Type - Affects the pet's appearance/animations, and behaviors. May also affect some stats.\par
When the pet reaches an age milestone, it becomes a new type in that tier of the age heirarchy. Which type\par
it becomes depends on many variables.\strike0\par
\par
\strike Weight - no maximum, minimum is 1\strike0\par
\strike Some value needs to be defined as the "obesity" point.\strike0\par
\strike Increases based on feeding.\strike0\par
\strike Decreases by training and battles.\strike0\par
\par
\strike Hunger - lower values mean hungrier, higher values mean more full. ranges from 0-depends on age tier.\strike0\par
\strike 0 - completely starving\strike0\par
\strike max - determined by age tier\strike0\par
\strike starving - 0-25% of max\par
well fed - 75% of max-max\strike0\par
\par
\strike Thirst - lower values mean thirstier, higher values mean less thirsty. ranges from 0-99.\strike0\par
\strike The rate of thirst is fixed. The rate should be, in general, a bit faster than hunger.\strike0\par
\strike 0 - completely thirsty\par
99 - completely unthirsty\par
very thirsty - 0-19\par
well watered - 49-99.\strike0\par
\par
\strike Strength - acts as both attack damage and health points\par
Health/strength can work like in Civ4. The pet has a strength value. This also acts as its health.\par
So it has a max strength and current strength. As it fights, this determines how much damage it can do,\par
and as it gets hit, it loses "health" by this number going down.\par
Strength should also replenish at some fixed rate, but a bit slower than energy.\par
To gain max strength, a pet must work out.\par
Every type also has a strength modifier that is applied to strength as long as the pet is that type.\strike0\par
\par
\strike Energy - when depleted, the pet cannot battle or train\par
Pets also have energy. This simply determines if they can battle or train currently. Every battle or\par
training round uses up energy, and it replenishes at some fixed rate.\strike0\par
\strike Energy has a max value, too. It is based on age tier.\strike0\par
\par
\strike When first born, the pet begins in an egg. This hatches after a few minutes.\strike0\par
}
 